2nd June- tried to extract a pattern in text by applying the fourier transform on length of paragraph. Can't get any clear and definite patterns. Need to use higher dimentional vectors with more features.

3rd June- ideas:
1. use classifiers like ANN for headings extraction and train on websites whose structure is well known eg. ladyironchef
2. capture a place heading with an address in between

Going to implement the address identifier which uses the UN database... IMPLEMENTED

6th June:-
Implemented the address identifier using UN database but it's not working properly... fixing it today. FIXED
Idea: Instead of manual parameters in the address identification mechanism, use machine learning to fix the optimum parameters

7th June:- Planning to implement the machine learning module for learning the structure of an address based on the keywords and structure of the text.
collected and cleaned the dataset for training

8th June:- further enhancing the dataset and then going to train using differentmodels
Need to have not only the address but also along with it random text above and below to emulate the real world data

9th June:- researching techniques for image extraction... can use pinterest attributes in images

10th June:- written script for image extraction... images are extracted based on size and attached to place names ie. headers using document similarity methods
can use library seqlearn... which is especially built for these tasks

11th June:- Playing around with Lasagne to make sense out of it

12th June:- Managed to train a RNN and an LSTM-NN which are giving reasonable accuracy... Need to cluster the terms now based on probability distributions to extract the final addresses

13th June:- Made the classifier for addresses... using kmeans at the end to segregate the addresses

14th June:- Researching techniques to extract addresses. Reada few papers on text tiling and structural machine learning. Will implement header extraction tomorrow

15th June:- Address extraction working fully... updated on the portal
Starting title extraction

16th June:- Thinking about extracting headers... Also consolidates addresses retrieved into blocks

17th June:- new idea to use existing places APIs given by Ben

20th June:- Fixed the current title getter... somewhat better

21st June:- Almost done title extraction... only bottleneck is addresses

22nd June:- Trying to get images. tried to improve the RNNs and the training data but to no avail...

23rd June:- Improving the title extractor. Removed the need for 2nd kmeans clusterer. Idea: Use CNNs instead of RNNs for address classification

24th June:- Headings, paragraphs and addresses have been joined with each other..., next up images

27th June:- trying rolling

28th June:- trying rolling, removing errors

29th June:- trying xgboost... rolling not working somehow. Fixed the RNN model. Will go forward with that and try to use it with xgboost.

30th June:- will do the other tasks on the list instead of the classifier. Completed the JSONify of the aggregated results. Also implemented the image assigning module

1st July! :- will try to restructure the code. make it more like a package so that classifiers can be tested easily later.

2nd July:- cleaning the code only...

3rd July:- Scraped the idea of model class. Predictors working fine...

4th July:- will try to wind up the code refactoring branch and merge in master.
Changed the weights of the streets... 1000 is too much

5th July:- Integrated the whole thing with the extension... Playing around with the dataset and classifier

6th July:- Removing the number of streets feature as I think it is the one which is causing problems. Will try CNN and Deep Belief Neural Networks

7th July:- fixed some bugs relating to address extraction. tried CNNs but it;s not working very well...

8th July:- CNNs working better than yesterday but still not usable...


9th July:- Broke head on different types of RNN's, with appended rolling sequences, normal sequencing, single prediction of a whole sequence as opposed to finding the labels for every paragraph in a sequence etc... started to conduct TSNE analysis, tried to scale and normalize the features, and even expanded them by taking polynomial interactions

10th July:- More or less same as yesterday...

1th July:- The poly features 5 sequence RNN is working fine... it get a good verification error but still cant classify as well... will work in the idea of separating the classification of different parts of the address as it in that ACM paper

12th July:- starting first with the TSNE analysis of that different label idea before implementing it

13th July:- implemented the segmented address classifier and it's giving good performance. it's accuracy is also above 99% implying that problem is lack of diversity of training data

14th July:- Fixing small bugs and writing documentation

15th July:- Mainly documentation and going through the code with Kelvin and Justin...

18th July:- Conducted more tests with hieracchical approach and now more convinced that that the problem is lack of training data

19th July:- 2 ideas... Increase the training data or loosen the features and classifier so that it doesn't learn very strongly. Will try them

21st July:- Best model found on testing branch... problem is lack of diversity in training data... will try word2vec also soon

23rd July:- trying to fix the lstm NN for categorical classification...
